Convert `AssetSizeCSS` to `HtmlCheck` (#321)
Shopify/theme-check: docs/checks/asset_size_css_stylesheet_tag.md

# Check Title (`AssetSizeCssStylesheetTag`)

The `stylesheet_tag` filter generates a link tag that points to a given stylesheet. This rule exists to prevent large CSS bundles (for speed).

## Check Details

This rule disallows the use of too much CSS in themes, as configured by `threshold_in_bytes`.

:-1: Examples of **incorrect** code for this check:
```liquid
<!-- Here, assets/theme.css is **greater** than `threshold_in_bytes` compressed. -->
{{ 'theme.css' | asset_url | stylesheet_tag }}
```

:+1: Example of **correct** code for this check:
```liquid
<!-- Here, assets/theme.css is **less** than `threshold_in_bytes` compressed. -->
{{ 'theme.css' | asset_url | stylesheet_tag }}
```

## Check Options

The default configuration for this check is the following:

```yaml
AssetSizeCssStylesheetTag:
  enabled: false
  threshold_in_bytes: 100_000
```

### `threshold_in_bytes`

The `threshold_in_bytes` option (default: `100_000`) determines the maximum allowed compressed size in bytes that a single CSS file can take.

## When Not To Use It

This rule is safe to disable.

## Version

> This check has been introduced in Theme Check 0.6.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This check has been introduced in Theme Check THEME_CHECK_VERSION
```

This will cause the version to be automatically injected on the next version we release.

Although it was mostly extracted from another check, this one is technically new.
